                    CSE 260, Parallel Computation
                            (Fall 2020)
           Department of Computer Science and Engineering 	
                 University of California, San Diego 	


		Team Self Evaluation Form, Assignment #1

Each team must submit one copy of this self evaluation form. 
The members of each team should discuss how they
worked together and what to write for the evaluation.
If you worked alone leave column B blank

(1) List the names of your team members:

A: Zihao Kong	

 
B: Kehan Long

 
 
(2) Estimate how much time each team member devoted to this project, in HOURS.

  	                        A 	       B
meetings 			2              2
coding 	  	  	        13             9
writeup 	  	  	3              5
planning (alone) 	  	2              2	 
total (including meetings) 	20             18	  	 


(3) Discuss the following.
(a) If you worked in a team, what were the major responsibilities
    of each team member?
Zihao completed the packing implementations and implemented a microkernel of size 4*12, Kehan implemented a microkernel of size 4*8. We compared the performance of our implementations. For the report, we worked together in writing the report. 

(b) Did you complete the assignment?
Yes

(c) What were your major strengths and weaknesses in doing this
    assignment (individually or in a team)?
    If in a team, also discuss how your team worked together.

We were developing separate versions of the micro kernels because we don't know 
whether 4*12 or 4*8 will work good, so we took a different approach and compare final result. 
After writing kernels and compare result, we finalize the kernel we use and work on report together. 

(d) What  lessons did you learn from these events.
We learned that it's useful to listen to teammate's opinion and never underestimate every student's 
potential ability. We also learned that when writing reports, group work will make progress faster.


(e) If in a team, whether and how you plan to change the way
    your work together .
No, I think we are very satisfied of our cooperation on this homework, and we decided to keep the way it 
is now.

(f) Anything else that comes to mind.
Not specifically.

(g) What suggestions do you have to improve this assignment?
Maybe make a gif picture that demostrate how exactly cache is accessed in this micro kernel.
